here on the way up in insulin
and Uganda Africa
some banded mongoose is have
discovered at termites war they
swarm on the swarm and then
predator turns pray when the
mind uses nemesis not marabou
stork appears
while the mongooses are busy
with the termites the marabou
storks have their sights set on
the Mongoose babies
pack and as fast trying to fight
off the storks these mongooses
are no pushover
they're famous for fighting and
killing snakes including tobers
so it's not surprising make it
right off some marabou storks
even though these birds are five
feet tall and have wingspans of
gate and a half feet
the mongooses are barely pushing
two feet tail included
how long and these scrappy
little fighters hold off the
largest store in the world
the mother Mongoose and their
seven pops it now taken refuge
in this stack of fishing boats
yeah
marabou storks groups in still
looking to snatch a young one
one of the pops is ventured
outside the boats dad makes this
a just-in-time then he does his
best to distract the big birds
but the storks seem to be
getting cranked
they came for a pop and they
won't be denied
the mongooses abandon ship and
look for more security
soon the parents find a new home
but where there are my news pops
there will soon be four Asia
storks and the battle is on a
third time
one pup get separated and just
like that
a stork takes him off despite
the packs best effort
the storks win this town and
moms brood numbers only six